Chi says you are innocent
I don't think you're innocent at all.
You secretly investigate his whereabouts
I know he came to the hotel with me
So I couldn't wait to find him
Why do you really take yourself for granted?
But what's the use?
You are to him
Like a kitten or a puppy
When he was happy, he patted the puppy's head
I advise you.
Don't waste your time.
Where did an old hen come from?
What are you calling this nonsense?
Can't find the nest
Lan Lan, don't be afraid
You are the path and the justifiable wife
Don't be afraid of this kind of pheasant who knows three things
Who are you calling a pheasant?
Whoever promises to say it is who
You still want to hit me?
Go back and buy some chicken soup to make up for it.
After all, what to eat makes up for what to be so lazy
What are you doing at the hotel?
Chi, I know this fourth lady
He's your best friend's sister
But he seems to have misunderstood our relationship.
Do you want to help me explain to him
Our relationship is not what he thinks
When to apply makeup?
Dressed like this to 9 o'clock
Answer me!